cns:proc\.? , proceedings
cns:procs\.? , proceedings
cns:conf\.? , conference
cns:symp\.? , symposium
cns:worksh\.? , workshop
cns:wksp\.? , workshop
cns:jorn\.? , journal
cns:j\.? , journal
cns:trans\.? , transactions
cns:ann\.? , annual
cns:intern\.? , international
cns:inter\.? , international
cns:int\.? , international
cns:intl\.? , international
cns:int'l\.? , international
cns:proceedings of the , 
cns:proceedings of , 
cns:proceedings the , 
cns:proceedings , 
cns:proceeding of the , 
cns:proceeding of , 
cns:proceeding the , 
cns:proceeding , 
cns:table of contents , 
cns:table contents , 
cns:browse , 
cns:poster , 
cns:revised , 
cns:papers , 
cns:paper , 
cns:articles , 
cns:article , 
cns:publication , 
cns:submitted , 
cns:to appear , 
cns:committee , 
cns:series , 
cns:archive , 
cns:available , 
cns:homepage , 
cns:symposium , conference
cns:systems , system
cns:decisions , decision
cns:transactions , transaction
cns:services , service
\d+st , 
\d+nd , 
\d+rd , 
\d+th , 
\p{Punct}*\d+\p{Punct}* , 
\d+ , 
